Hi there let's hope you don't research them all in the previous and I'm off to reset did the competitor
on comparable interfaces which helped in sorting the immense entry said.
All right so now let's go ahead and look at the other that's in research.
And we will look at the methods in the navigable set interface which are trees or implements and we
know that navigable set extends sockets.
OK.
So let's go ahead and do that.
I'm for this we are going to write a new metric called Reset Ahmadu.
In the last demo it was Tresor demo.
So now let's call it d'esprit said Ahmadu.
Let's go on for this method.
So let's go ahead and create an instance of research on that referenced I'd be navigable setting because
we want to use some stats from navigable SEC.
So it's going to be an amicable set of integers.
And let's just use the same numbers which we have used when we discuss navigable set.
So first thing that we are going to test is the methods like lower floor ceiling and higher.
Let's start with that buckets are the elements now.
Code space lower and just said Dot lower.
And if you recall the search target was this element and before.
Now let's just go ahead and copy this.
What are log on methodes
or
rocks on this.
So far lower it is returning Gandhigiri because it is less than someone before.
So the search target is 74 what floor it is it are getting 74 because it has less than or equal to someone
before the highest the grid system but that is less than or equal to something before unforeseen.
It does it or doning seben be for which is the lowest number which is greater than or equal to 74.
I'm far higher.
It has to be strictly greater than 74.
So it does bending.
We're just running eighty nine here.
OK.
Now let's go ahead and try the first our last methods.
So this would get done the first Iron
last
.
So that's right.
So the hostile Mendez fight on the last element is 89.
OK.
Now that says go ahead and bring the aliments offset all the elements of second.
So here they are.
Now let's invoke the descending set method.
Descending set method would have done the reverse few of those Socred sing or dance and nuker dance
and now we get all set so that of pure year can be negligible set or any off that's super interface's
so it can be slaughtered set do what let's just keep who does not have a global set score that does
disinterring said Walts go ahead and burn this
and run it.
So it's going to rain the elements in the reverse order.
So that's the descending second straight forward.
Now let's try out headset.
I'm subsegments.
So let's go get a headset.
Say SEC dark headset and let's use this version of headset which comes from navigable circuit and who
element let's say 74 and in blue zero Nipissing falls for now.
Which means that we want to exclude someone before and it seems it's
the
that school I wouldn't print this.
So as you can see it is you're doing five and 23.
OK.
That meant the ultimate goal 74 so soon before it was excluded.
Now he changed it to drew
sword or Dun's 5:23 and 3:53.
Next we said does this turn set is back by the origin Utterson which means that if we add anything here
it gets reflected in the order Nosek and vice versa.
So let's go on.
I'd only meant to hurt set
at 6 and next grand
set.
So it should have got reflected.
As you can see it is it occurred here and set looks also print head circles so
that you are 6 iron though it got added in the original set.
Also nexta let's just add one more element
you'll see we said that it throws an illegal argument exception if it's if it is outside the range.
Next I'd fall because the elements hard fight starts from fight but should not throw an exception because
we are still within the range because we are talking about headset here on the headset.
Anything less than 7 before is fine so that would be the range on 4 is within that.
As we are fine with that.
But let's say if we added 75 then it will generate run by exception.
I know it says a legal argument exception.
He is out of range.
OK so it's got to be either someone before or less than 74.
On any integer below that should be fine.
So let's just call this out next.
Let's try a subset sort of suspend the set elements here.
One more time because four has united and let's say subset
on let's get let's get all the elements between 5 and 7.
For now let's see.
So traipsing
in subsetting now.
So we have a subset.
So let's just go ahead and ired to do this iron.
This should also give any legal argument exception because two is not within the range of 5 274.
Subset will have the elements between 5 and 7 4 but when we add(2) the are 2 it is outside the range
on Soquel.
So an illegal argument exception at line Summerbee Since line 76.
Yes here it is.
So that's what it this.
So let's just change this.
And let's finally lifts something in the order you know the set should get reflected in the return set
so it should get reflected in the subset.
So let's go ahead and Bugarach.
I'd say set.
I had something I wanted three under.
Now let's print subset.
So you are adding in the original set and with adding a number between 5 174.
So it should also reflect an subset because the return set here subset is back by the origin of second
.
OK so you do this so as you can see.
It also includes 5 6 and 23.
Earlier when a subset was created here it showed how Heidel only 5 and 6 they actually can do 3 was
already there so let's actually add something as undefined.
So maybe you go quantify 5 6 1 to 3 unquantified earlier it had only 5 6 and only 3.
Now we added 25 and so on we added 1 to 5 in the main set and it got reflected in the subset also.
OK so that's about it.
I think those are the main metrics and they're also not that frequently used.
But if you need it.
So we now know how to use them.
We know that they exist within these methods.
So that's about it.
And if there are any few other matters like like last ball first so you can just go ahead and try them
out if you're interested.
But these are the made matters.
Thank you and you can find this code in the resource section.
Happy coding.
Thank you